README.md, before:

# 🗺 Portfolio

Welcome to my Portfolio where I list the projects that I am able to disclose.

Don't hesitate to contact me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/octave-antoni/) if you want additional information regarding one of the projects.

## 📚 Table of Contents

- [Python](#python)
- [SQL](#sql)
- [Tableau](#tableau)
- [R](#R)

***

# Python

Skills: **TO UPDATE**

Libraries: **TO UPDATE**

| Project Name | Area | Description | Libraries |    
|---|---|---|---|
| [Detecting Counterfeit Notes](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Detecting%20Counterfeit%20Notes/Detect_Counterfeit_Notes.ipynb) | Machine Learning, Kmeans Clustering, Principal Component Analysis (PCA), Logistic Regression, Linear Regression, Model Building, Model Optimization | The goal of this project was to use a database of genuine and fake bank notes to build an algorithm to detect counterfeit notes. | _pandas, numpy, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, statsmodels, matplotlib_ |
| [Analyzing Sales Data](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Analyzing%20Sales/Analyzing_Sales.ipynb) | Data Cleaning, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Time Series Analysis, Correlation Analysis, Linear Regression | Analyzing company sales data to highlight areas for improvement and identify potential new markets | _pandas, numpy, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, matplotlib_ |
| [Conducting a Market Analysis](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Conducting%20a%20Market%20Analysis/Conduct_a_market_analysis.ipynb) | Data Cleaning, Hierarchical Clustering, Principal Component Analysis (PCA), Analysis of Gaussian Variables, Kolmogorov Smirnoff Test | Using data gathered from the FAO website and clustering methods, the goal of this project was to identify candidate countries for expanding a Chicken export company | _pandas, numpy, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, statsmodels, matplotlib_ |
| [Predicting a Child's Income](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Predicting%20a%20Child's%20Income/Make_an_income_prediction.ipynb) | Data Cleaning, Data Imputation, Machine Learning, Data Visualization, Linear Regression, Model Building | During this project based on scientific research, I used data from the Worldbank databank to create a model to predict the income of a child based on the parent's income and the country data (mean income and gini index) | _pandas, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, statsmodels, matplotlib, tqdm_ |
| [Conducting a Public Health Study](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/World%20Hunger%20Analysis/World_Hunger.ipynb) | Data Cleaning, Data Analysis, Identifying Trends, Data Visualization, Linear Regression | In this project, I used FAO data to analyze the widespread malnutrition epidemic and communicate my analysis in a Powerpoint presentation. | _pandas, numpy, matplotlib_ |

***

# SQL

Level: Advanced

Databases used : MySQL, PostgreSQL, BigQuery, Apache. 

**Disclaimer :** Most of my experience in SQL was during my work as a Data Analyst for the French Navy. For obvious security reasons, I am not able to disclose the code of these projects, but I will be able to discuss them during an interview if needed.


| Project Name | Description | SQL Level |
|---|---|---|
| [Cyclistic Bike Share Analysis](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Cyclistic-Data-Analysis-Bike-Share/README.md) | This is my version of the capstone project for Google's Data Analytics Course, where I use open source data to provide insights about a bike sharing company. | Intermediate |  
| [Improving a Media Strategy](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Improving%20a%20Media%20Strategy/README.md) | This project was the first project of my Bachelor's Degree, it showcases my ability to write beginner level SQL queries, its goal is to increase the audience of a Media Company. | Beginner |  

***

# Tableau

| Project Name | Description | Tableau Dashboard |
|---|---|---|
|  |  | |

***

# R

|Project Name | Area | Description | Libraries |    
|---|---|---|---|
| [Detecting Counterfeit Notes](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Detecting%20Counterfeit%20Notes/Detect_Counterfeit_Notes.ipynb) | Machine Learning, Kmeans Clustering, Principal Component Analysis (PCA), Logistic Regression, Linear Regression, Model Building, Model Optimization | The goal of this project was to use a database of genuine and fake bank notes to build an algorithm to detect counterfeit notes. | _pandas, numpy, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, statsmodels, matplotlib_ |

***

Commit message:

Updating Portfolio
Updated most projects for easier display on Github and added some projects to the main README file.

README.md, after:

# 🗺 Portfolio

Welcome to my Portfolio where I list the projects that I am able to disclose.

Don't hesitate to contact me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/octave-antoni/) if you want additional information regarding some of the projects.

## 📚 Table of Contents

- [Python](#python)
- [SQL](#sql)
- [Tableau](#tableau)
- [R](#R)

***

# Python

Level : Advanced

Skills: Data analysis, Data cleaning, Data visualization, Machine Learning.

Libraries used : pandas, numpy, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, statsmodels, matplotlib, tqdm

| Project Name | Area | Description | Libraries |    
|---|---|---|---|
| [Detecting Counterfeit Notes](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Detecting%20Counterfeit%20Notes/Detect_Counterfeit_Notes.ipynb) | Machine Learning, Kmeans Clustering, Principal Component Analysis (PCA), Logistic Regression, Linear Regression, Model Building, Model Optimization | The goal of this project was to use a database of genuine and fake bank notes to build an algorithm to detect counterfeit notes. | _pandas, numpy, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, statsmodels, matplotlib_ |
| [Analyzing Sales Data](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Analyzing%20Sales/Analyzing_Sales.ipynb) | Data Cleaning, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Time Series Analysis, Correlation Analysis, Linear Regression | Analyzing company sales data to highlight areas for improvement and identify potential new markets | _pandas, numpy, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, matplotlib_ |
| [Conducting a Market Analysis](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Conducting%20a%20Market%20Analysis/Conduct_a_market_analysis.ipynb) | Data Cleaning, Hierarchical Clustering, Principal Component Analysis (PCA) | Using data gathered from the FAO website and clustering methods, the goal of this project was to identify candidate countries for expanding a Chicken export company | _pandas, numpy, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, statsmodels, matplotlib_ |
| [Predicting a Child's Income](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Predicting%20a%20Child's%20Income/Make_an_income_prediction.ipynb) | Data Cleaning, Data Imputation, Machine Learning, Linear Regression, Model Building | During this project based on scientific research, I used data from the Worldbank databank to create a model to predict the income of a child based on the parent's income and the country data (mean income and gini index) | _pandas, sklearn, seaborn, scipy, statsmodels, matplotlib, tqdm_ |
| [Conducting a Public Health Study](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/World%20Hunger%20Analysis/World_Hunger.ipynb) | Data Cleaning, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Linear Regression | In this project, I used FAO data to analyze the widespread malnutrition epidemic and communicate my analysis in a Powerpoint presentation. | _pandas, numpy, matplotlib_ |

***

# SQL

Level: Advanced

Databases used : MySQL, PostgreSQL, BigQuery, Apache. 

**Disclaimer :** Most of my experience in SQL was during my work as a Data Analyst for the French Navy. For obvious security reasons, I am not able to disclose the code of these projects, but I will be able to discuss them during an interview if needed.


| Project Name | Description | SQL Level |
|---|---|---|
| [Cyclistic Bike Share Analysis](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Cyclistic-Data-Analysis-Bike-Share/README.md) | This is my version of the capstone project for Google's Data Analytics Course, where I use open source data to provide insights about a bike sharing company. | Intermediate |  
| [Improving a Media Strategy](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Improving%20a%20Media%20Strategy/README.md) | This project was the first project of my Bachelor's Degree, it showcases my ability to write beginner level SQL queries, its goal is to increase the audience of a Media Company. | Beginner |  

***

# Tableau

Level : Intermediate

| Project Name | Description | Tableau Dashboard |
|---|---|---|
| Dental Pharma KPI Dashboard | The goal of this project was to create a dashboard for a Pharmaceutical company by displaying 3 KPIs : costs, delays and deliverables delivered. One of the requirements was interactive thresholds that could allow the leaders of the company to identify the countries not respecting the KPI thresholds | [Dashboard (Redirects to Tableau Public)](https://public.tableau.com/views/DentalPharmaKPIDashboard/CostDashboard?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)|
| Cyclistic Bike Share Analysis | This is my version of the capstone project for Google's Data Analytics Course, where I use open source data to provide insights about a bike sharing company. Tableau was used during this project to produce heatmaps of the most often used stations. | [Visualizations (Redirects to Tableau Public)](https://public.tableau.com/views/CyclisticCaseStudy_16535585507570/MapofCyclisticRidesperMemberType?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)|

***

# R

Level: Beginner

Packages used : Tidyverse (dplyr, ggplot), Seaborn, bigrquery

|Project Name | Area | Description | Packages |    
|---|---|---|---|
| [Cyclistic Bike Share Analysis](https://github.com/Faskill/Portfolio/blob/main/Projects/Cyclistic-Data-Analysis-Bike-Share/README.md) | Data cleaning, Data Analysis, Data visualization | This is my version of the capstone project for Google's Data Analytics Course, where I use open source data to provide insights about a bike sharing company. | _tidyverse, bigrquery, wk, dplyr, seaborn, ggplot_ |

***
